all right Dori let's go over this one
more time we know your memories not the
best yep
can't remember diddly no can't remember
squats right Italy squad blue squad yeah
gory career listen to me we need to ask
for directions directions gotta be Loki
Loki cost-efficient this part of the
reef very skittish skittish all right
you got that uh-huh you're sure yeah you
don't remember a word no nothing in
monogamy okay here's a brand new idea
you stay right here swim in a little
circle forget to yourself I'll be right
back
I'm gonna ask for directions
[Music]
excuse me my friend and I need to get to
the east Australian current I'm so did
you want to turn could a bigger fish
swallow me I will voluntarily go on a
hook well